This folder contains:

* a dataset per experiment. These files have the format `<site>-<timestamp>.csv`.
* `datasets.csv` which lists the dataset files. This file is needed by the web interface.
* `gen_datasets.py` which generates `datasets.csv` based on the current dataset files.

Each dataset file corresponds to one experiment. In an experiment, each mote sends a packet while all the others listen. The experiment is driven is such a way that only one motes sends at a given time, and that all the other motes listen to the same channel. A record (line) is written for each of the receiving mote, after each transmitter is done transmitting.

It is a CSV file with the following columns:

column name  | description
-------------|------------
`timestamp`  | Time at which this record was written to the file, in UTC, of the form `YYYY.MM.DD_hh.mm.ss`.
`mac`        | MAC address of the mote reporting this recordin, i.e. the mote which has received the wireless packets. The MAC address is written as hexadecimal bytes separated by `-`. Example:`14-15-92-00-00-12-34-56`.
`frequency`  | Frequency channel the packets were received on, in MHz. For example, `2405` corresponds to 2.405GHz, or IEEE802.15.4 channel 11.
`sourcemac`  | MAC address of the mote sending the received packets, as read from the packet.
`counter`    | 2-byte counter read from the packet, in hexadecimal. Example: `0x0123`.
`length`     | Length, in bytes of the received packets.
`interframeduration` | the number of milliseconds between packet, as configured on the transmitting mote.
`fillbyte`   | Byte used to fill the packet, in hexadecimal. Example: `0x0a`.
`numtxmine`  | Number of packets the transmitter is configured to transmit.
`numrxmine`  | Number of packets received which have the correct `sourcemac`, `length`, `counter` and `fillbyte`.
`rssimine`   | Average RSSI value, in dBm, if the received packets corresponding to the `nummine` counter.
`numother`   | Number of packets received which do not fall under the `nummine` counter. These are packets generated by motes no participating in the experiment, but still close enough to be heard.
`rssiother`  | Average RSSI value, in dBm, if the received packets corresponding to the `numother` counter.
`numbadcrc`  | Number of packets received with a bad CRC.
`rssibadcrc` | Average RSSI value, in dBm, if the received packets corresponding to the `numbadcrc` counter.
